0-38
This is a movement acceptance invoice from one of the Dual Celia living blocks, as requested by Eight Bogs of the<LINE>House of Eight during the Tan hegemonic architectural dynasty. All very standard stuff. I can't imagine that you'd be interested.
Unfortunately I can't read this as it isn't a memory construct pearl.<LINE>This is just a simple diamond sphere, as worthless as the carbon it's printed from. 
"...through the mists of memory, your image dances, like the motes of dust, in a ray of sunlight, that pierces a dark room."<LINE>A line of verse from the ancient farmer-poet Pel. Very dreary if you ask me.
"Fifteen stems of sun bark, hydrolyzed. Twelve to nineteen bushels of atomized chalk powder. Assorted Root vegetation..."<LINE>It goes on and on. A shopping list, or perhaps a recipe.
I am sorry, this pearl is damaged and cannot be read.<LINE>I suggest you use it for trade with the scavengers, as they won't know the difference.
This is an official decree of cultivation sent from the twenty-second Subsistence Council ordering the <LINE>eastern spoke Farm Array administration to "immediately harvest and process all viable crops, despite <LINE>whatever misgivings they might have." A short-sighted endeavor for sure. I would assume this was sent <LINE>sometime during the final cycles leading up to final public ascension, when interest in biosphere <LINE>sustainability was at an all-time low.
Here we have a schematic for a refuse reclamation automaton. It's an early design, but the long<LINE>tubular body and single eye-mouth are quite similar to the later models.
"We, of the Five-hundred-and-ninety-second High Convocation of the True Anointed Citadel, do hereby demand, with full <LINE>force of Law and Religious doctrine, an Immediate end to construction of the Apostate Superstructure Abomination. <LINE>To place shadow upon the Divine Body of the True Anointed Citadel is outrageous blasphemy and cannot be tolerated, <LINE>no matter the circumstances..." Clearly this was ignored.
Oh, interesting. This is a diary entry of a pre-Iterator era laborer during the construction of the<LINE>subterranean transit system south of here. In it they describe restless nights filled with disturbing dreams,<LINE>where millions glowing stars move menacingly in the distance. 
There isn't much to the data here, it's just basic theory for karmic transform of n-dimensional geometries. <LINE>But the pearl itself is quite interesting. You can see the crude holes burned through the center that the <LINE>scavengers use to tie these pearls onto their totems or to carry. I honestly can't fathom how they achieve <LINE>this with their primitive level of technology! Fascinating. 
This one is all blank, sorry.
I am sorry, all of that work for nothing! This pearl is completely blank.
There's nothing on this one, unfortunately.
This one has nothing on it.
I'm sorry, this one has nothing on it.
I can't make anything out of this pearl, it's just too faded. But there might have been something on it once.
This one has a small crack and has been pretty badly corrupted. There is a slight impression of the shape of a wing on it, but I can't get a clear image.
There's nothing on this one.
I see a vague memory of a family portrait, painted in the High Classical manner that was famous during the Yellow hegemonic literary dynasty.<LINE>The portrait is likely a fake, as this style was quite fashionable for aspirational lower caste aristocrats to impress each-other with.<LINE>This one does not impress, I assure you.
It has been written to, but then scrambled, and then scrambled again. Suspicious behavior to be sure.
This one has been purposefully scrambled, it's completely illegible. Business documents perhaps.
This one seems to have an image on it, but the pearl has been exposed to sunlight and it's very faded.<LINE>I see a tall structure with banners unfurled. 
There might be something on here, but the pearl has been lying in the sun and it's all very pale.<LINE>I'm too tired to look any deeper, I apologize.
This is a growing instruction for the skeleton of a creature, but I don't recognize the creature.<LINE>It was small, about your size.
This one seems to be a number series... Perhaps a key?
A number series... I would guess some kind of cipher.
This one is filled with active working memory - without knowing the<LINE>surrounding process this information is meaningless.
It just has the number "8" written on it, the rest is empty.
This is a blueprint for a support beam used for the construction of early industrial areas.<LINE>You can see these in use not too far from here.  
It's a design for a machine that makes bolts.
It's a... recipe of some kind? "Two parts rot bar extract, one part bone ash." Nothing I recognize.
It's an image of a hand drawn document. The calligraphy is quite beautiful, but the text itself is a very dull classical poem.
This is the genome of a sulfur-processing microbe. In my opinion these were used far too late to have any effect.
This one I don't know... It could be an old text, but some parts don't add up.<LINE>Might be a re-imagination of a classic text that I'm not familiar with.
It's a song, or hymn rather. Very repetitive. 
Can't make out anything legible on this one, sorry.
A list of someone's lucky numbers. There are no less than 71 of them. 
"Dear diary..." and that's it.
A model of a pipe section. 
It's a catalog of bolts and screws for sky-sail joinery. We iterators were built for pragmatism, <LINE>so it is an understatement to say that we we're not known for our appreciation of beauty... but <LINE>the sky-sails in flight during the big festivals always filled my soul with emotion.
It's the blueprint for a small incense purification filter. Life on the superstructure archologies was... peculiar.
An image... of five bottles, standing on a surface made of... plants? I have no idea what this is.
No. I don't want to talk about the content of this pearl.
A schematic of a bunch of gas pipes. I don't know the purpose for this machine,<LINE>but it doesn't look particularly well crafted.
It's just the numbers 14, 13, 5, repeated over and over. I have no idea what the purpose for this would be.
A small portion is still legible: "and Thus we Conclude, that Gold and Water shall..."<LINE>Some sort of metaphysical or alchemical treatise perhaps.
Oh? This contains an image of another pearl just like it. Let me look... yes, as I thought, the image also contains <LINE>an image of a pearl in it, and so on. Some comedian playing recursion games, I would guess. 