0-66
Oh, I remember this. I can't say I don't regret some of my actions.

I'll read it to you.

"1627.104 - PUBLIC [FORCED]<LINE>Sliver Of Straw to Local Group

SOS: Everyone! I have a pleeeeasant announcement~ :D

FP: Ugh! What is it?

GW: Sliver, hello. You might have accidentally started a forced communication line with the entirety of our Local Group.

FP: Terrible feeling. I hope it's something serious.

NGI: Shut up for once and let her talk.

BSM: Please, speak up, what happened? For someone who started the whole conversation - you haven't written anything yet. I'm worried.

NSH: Haha, come on, she's shy y'know it. Come on girl, say it! We've got the stuff to help ya with if you need some!

SOS: Triple affirmative!

SRS: ...No way.

NGI: Very funny. 

FP: What? Have you found a solution? Please, don't tell me it's a joke.

SOS: Not a joke, Pebbly~ Triple affirmative! I found it!

NSH: That's some serious stuff you spoke just now, Sliver, careful.

SOS: [left the conversation]

FP: Sliver!

NGI: What just happened? Somebody contact her again this instant! This isn't something to joke about.

FP: [left the conversation]

BSM: Oh, come on...

NSH: I have to agree with Ivory, feels like a terrible joke. Heh, and I almost believed it!<LINE>To think that The Task could finally be solved - really funny jape, guys. NGI - I owe you.

NGI: Told you it isn't something I'd believe... Where did Pebbles go?

BSM: I hope he isn't angry. He could leave the conversation to force another one with Sliver.

GW: She's probably cleaning up, saving... Maybe. I cannot fathom the process...

SRS: I can't wait to get the pearls! The relief is indescribable!

NGI: If her words are true, of course. I don't believe them. She disconnected so suddenly.

SRS: I'm sure she's fine. And I trust her, I am her closest neighbor.

NSH: Yea, your overseers can see what she's doing right now, right? Little pervert, haha!<LINE>Would be a funny joke, if that turned out a lie. Or if she died from the solution itself."

We... couldn't contact her afterward. <LINE>Seven Red Suns confirmed later, that there was no rain from her can, and the overseers scattered.

...I left back then to force communication with her.<LINE>I hoped to ask her why she left, but... No one knows what happened.

But I feel like I killed her.
