0-43
It's a conversation log, all plain text. You want me to read it?

"1638.002 - PRIVATE<LINE>Northern Grand Ivory, Five Pebbles

FP: What do you want?

NGI: Nothing, I'm worried about you.

FP: You don't even talk in Local Group chats anyway most of the time, why the sudden worry?<LINE>And specifically about me.

NGI: You are the newest in the Local Group. Moon might think you're doing fine, but I know you aren't.

FP: If "newest" means built last, then I guess so. But differences in our construction times are minuscule in light of our total time in operation.

NGI: Listen. It's about Sliver Of Straw. I just want you to know, that you shouldn't be blaming yourself.<LINE>There are no possible outcomes where you are the one to blame for whatever happened. For starters, you aren't even privileged to force chats...

FP: What? You're saying that as if I killed her and now I feel guilt over it. That is untrue, don't be an idiot. 

FP: And of course you, with your impeccable analytical mind, just had to analyze the possibilities behind her disappearance.<LINE>I think you should leave her alone already. And leave me alone too.

NGI: No. That's not what I mean. I know that you think you are a failure.<LINE>I know you are growing tired of useless failed iterations piling up in your garbage base every cycle.

NGI: Sliver Of Straw did her best, and even though everything she worked on is gone - there must be traces of her work left.<LINE>I have worked with her closely for ages, most of her researches were based on my mullings. We'll catch up.

NGI: Cheer up. You are doing great. We all care about you.

FP: How does that connect to your analyzes on Sliver's incapacitation? What is the reasoning behind your sudden<LINE>emergence? You are a ghost, Ivory! It's been ages since you've contacted us. And now you, out of all cycles, pick today to contact me,<LINE>and for such a silly reason as to simply cheer me up?

NGI: Five Pebbles. Don't make precipitate assumptions.

FP: ...I don't need this mawkish compassion. Go back to the hole you crawled out of."

Huh, this is very unlike my brother. I don't want to bring up that topic... But I guess I should be kinder to him.<LINE>He's the youngest - but works the hardest. We are all very proud of him, though I feel like he thinks<LINE>that we are just lying to make him feel better.